He despises the first.
Why was it rejected?
Ah.
Dress improperly during the interview.
That's bullshit.
The first contemptible was released with a small problem.
I heard there's an idea for you.
Remember your crew.
Especially breaking up with your boyfriend.
The interviewer was afraid he would mess up so he directly eliminated it.
She's got a boyfriend.
Long performance, I'm disdainful Linh Cang ranked first.
Missed an opportunity because of a mistake in the interview.
I want to explain clearly.
Miss Lin has courage.
But you just give up.
Our night captain always follows the rules.
Won't open the back door for anyone.
Let him in.
Yes.
That's not true.
Very wrong.
Yip Rong Thien, when did you take the initiative to paste it here, have you been tolerant?
Work normally.
I just don't want to miss any talent.
You're married.
The most important thing in a marriage is fidelity.
Are you sick?
I'm warning you.
If you dare to betray your sister-in-law, I will be the first to denounce you.